Add @kaname-png/plugin-api-jwt (#12)
sapphiredev/awesome-sapphire: README.md

- [@kaname-png/plugin-statcord](https://github.com/kaname-png/neko-plugins/tree/main/packages/statcord): Plugin for
  [`@sapphire/framework`](https://github.com/sapphiredev/framework) to send and manage bot statistics on
  [statcord](https://statcord.com).

> - [@kaname-png/plugin-api-jwt](https://github.com/kaname-png/neko-plugins/tree/main/packages/api-jwt): Plugin for
>   [`@sapphire/framework`](https://github.com/sapphiredev/framework) to overwrites the authentication strategy of the
>   [@sapphire/plugin-api](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sapphire/plugin-api) plugin to JWT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [@kaname-png/plugin-api-jwt](https://github.com/kaname-png/neko-plugins/tree/main/packages/api-jwt): Plugin for
  [`@sapphire/framework`](https://github.com/sapphiredev/framework) to overwrite the authentication strategy of
  [@sapphire/plugin-api](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sapphire/plugin-api) plugin to use [JSON Web Tokens](https://jwt.io) instead of [HttpOnly Secure Cookies](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Cookies).
```
